So. For the context what we saw on the left it's a pigeon house and for now we are using and it's like a studio and it's like a studio and, a terraced for a pool.
We will see that later. And we try to We planted a lot of, fruits, trees.
Like a, and, Kiwi, I'm not sure we said, in English maybe.
So yeah, in several years that view will be quite different.
It's a
Hey Jim.
Yeah, no, I just love it the way you said. Oh, it's a small terrace for the pool.
Yeah, right.
He
Hi. I don't want that tour to be like that because it's not something for riches.
Okay.
As I said at the beginning, I wanted to know how to say that. Alone I won't be able I won't be able to afford for such a domain that yes if as it's now divided by 5 it's way cheaper.
So here we have a look at the pool from yesterday and on the right you can see a banana trees.
So hopefully.
Oh free very be bananas but From what I heard, the river is not good enough.
So it's just be it just will be stay like that. I like, exotic trees.
Let's see in the future if it changes. Of I will I would really like to have bananas of course Yes, we should.
Let me change. I might have one. Let's see. So yeah, it's it's for a small terrace for the pool sorry it's in it's a big pool at the end.
So if you continue. To walk, just, Here we have, the pool behind us and this is the garden.
So. Thanks, Debank. So we have, it's the garden.
So the picture is not quite relevant because. It should be way marking let's say let's particularly but yeah at least we have we have we have we have self-sufficient strawberries, raspberries and so on so that's really cool.
It's just that, I wouldn't imagine.
I work it, it requires because for it's so much time in it, in several people.
So I'm not complaining. Just that I didn't, know that before that. But at the end we can eat.
Our own food so that's magical. And, in the background, we can see the, See what in detail in detail.
So I present show you, who made mobile out and house. My, And so yeah, You know what it is.
They seems like,
I think they are p even the number of eggs we have every day. It's like a 20 to 30 eggs every day.
So we need to eat a lot of cakes and and eggs. It's, it's cooler.
And on the left there is a temporary, smaller cage and you will know. In a second while.
It's because we had our first, chick. I finally And his name is Cute because my son thinks it's cute so his name his name is like Like he's like, so I show.
And Leslie, it was, this is our next last project. So.
Yeah, he was an in, yeah, for 4, So here is like, our last project.
It was a tough one because, we did it, we dig it, we dig it manually, my brothers and myself.
It's like a 6 meters, large on a 4 and it's deep by a 1 one meter and 30 cm.
It was a hell of a, of a job and we did it like in 2 to 4 days from the morning to the end of the day we were completely out.
But, yeah. The result is, motivating. So. So yeah, and we like challenges.
What was, even more changing and here is the stage 2 because it's like, I We think it's about 200 kilos.
And, we needed to to carry it from the meal to there like Let's say it's one.
Les than 100 meters better for it was a It was insane. We were completely broken at the end.
So I hope it will be, it should stay there and don't move at all for the next, 100 years.
For the next one tree. Oh no no no I have 2 brothers and myself so we carry it with my father too so we were we were 4.
Yeah, because yeah, at 2 it's impossible. We tried it. It's not possible at all and at at free it wasn't possible never and at 4 it was a So we did it, but yes, it's quite an adventure just to to have a status in the mean there.
Is that you end up. But yeah, I really like the finance. So. We just, we put, co inside the water and hopefully the nature will, do the rest.
To be for, frogs and so on. So. Let's see in, 6 months, or one year.
I can share a picture if you want later.
Yeah, let's have a look. There won't be an, too much picture because it's already a lot of features.
So I just want to show a few flowers and animals. Flowers are from the garden and the we, how far was if I may and animals, one from, a photograph.
But 2 features are on the on the river that is around us so it's like I would do that but I don't have the material and the patience to do that.
And I'm sorry for the You just copy past it like that. It's horrible, but you have a look.
I really like the one on the right, because, I like it. Yeah. Yeah, from where the pet colours in the whole green background so Yeah, No, I don't do everything of indeed.
The flowers, it's mostly my motor. End of I'm not sure I ate maybe I at one time.
So I can't, yeah, it's the whole family. For instance, I'm more like, Yeah, I'm doing the when we, we get the trees, Yeah, I like very busy.
But yeah, flowers is for my mother and the one of my brothers and the gardening is mostly my, dad with, my mother and, my brothers.
I do it from time to time but I can't say but I'm a specialist I don't like it very much.
But yes, everyone has a Preferred the task flowers if we say So yeah. And about the animals.
Yeah, we have a lot of, animals like everywhere. We have a lot of, grass next.
They are gentle, so there is no issue with a little kid. But, yeah. I really like, so that's perfect.
We have a lot of frogs. We have a lot of frogs, even if a pool.
So So poor ones.
And, in the, in the, we have so many builds, and beautiful birds.
For instance, the one on the bottom rights. I think he's a, It's, in French we call it, He's not easy and in English it's called a right Eurozone whooping so yeah it's a beautiful build and He comes from time to time, like
in, so that's insane. But, yeah, we have a lot of birds, a lot of insects and so on.
So yeah, when nature is present and we need to, we try to control it because it's green everywhere, even in the world.
So he need to clean up.
Yeah, and the end, the whole thing was, if you want to buy a whole village.
They are real village that are for sale as of now and The prices come from, 300, K to 23 million of euros.
So yeah, it depends. When you are your wallet if I say. But yes in France and I saw even in the states in Spanish Portugal you have sometimes from time to time villages to buy so If you want, it may be a lot more work than just 5 h or
What you have next and the issue of questions. Don't hesitate. I hope. I hope it was a clear enough.
I can Same if you want.
Well, it was just wonderful.
Yeah, thanks.
That was absolutely fascinating. Absolutely.
Thank you for the pictures.
Yeah.
Thank you.
So if when, if you pass you come by, you don't hesitate. It's open.
We have. Place for you, of course. So yeah, the door is always open for a friend so you can go come when you want.
No we know when the next Noxio cloud gathering will happen.
Hey.
You said, you absolutely said. Alright.
I didn't think about that. Yeah.
Yeah.
And do you have a company, reference number so that it can be billed for that at the same time that you can.
No.
How far is the effort for our US friends?
Yeah.
Yeah Yeah, the Indian team is welcome to of course.
I think probably you need to fly through Paris, right? Let me start.